Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[somber music playing]
[grunting]
Yeah. Yeah.
[miner] Right up there. Right up in here.
- [jackhammer pounding] - [grunting]
[miner] Aim for the rock!
[jackhammers pounding]
- [jackhammer pounding] - [exhales sharply]
[device chirps]
Mankins!
[Mankins] Yeah?
You wanna tell me why your methane sensors are off?
I don't know.
Maybe the batteries are dead.
- Why don't you get us a canary? - This is no joke.
These are to alert you to concentrations of methane.
They must stay on.
[loud rumbling]
- [miner] Where'd that come from? - [rumbling]
Sounds like the open pit.
We hit a methane pocket.
That's impossible.
Everybody. out! Everybody. out!
[dramatic music playing]
- [miner 1] Come on! - [miner 2] Go!
Go. Go. go.
No!
[loud blast]
[siren wails]
- [sobbing] - [panicked chatter]
[crying in pain]
[grunting]
[miner 3] Go. go. go!
[groaning in pain]
["All I Do Is Drive" playing]
♪ All I do is drive. drive. drive ♪
♪ Try to stay alive ♪
♪ My mind on my load ♪
♪ I got nothing in common with any man ♪
♪ Who's home every day at five ♪
♪ All I do Is drive. drive. drive. drive. drive ♪
- [men laughing in distance] - [music slowly fades]
[man] What you got in here. Gurty?
[spluttering] Come on. You can say it. You can say it.
[men laughing]
We will sort right here. and they will save their hands right there.
The coffee saved with water for me!
For him. For them.
- [man] Is it coffee. Gurty? - [men laughing]
This how you guys still get your kicks. huh?
Walk away. Gurty.
- They're idiots. - [man] Hey.
How's it feel to be best friends with a retard?
He's my brother. Johansson.
And I told you never to call him that.
Retard.
[man grunts]
[man] McCann. get in here!
[groans]
I know what you get. but I talk with a lot of hands for hands sometimes.
[McCann] Gurty.
We're fired.
But tires to a point rotated go.
Let someone else rotate them. We're fired.
Pack your shit up. Skeeter too.
Come on.
[squeaking]
[Gurty] I don't want.
- Me never been in. then today we don't. - Yeah. I know.
Gurty. I don't care! You're going in!
They're gonna look after you.
We've been together a long time.
but he can't hold a job. and I can't carry him anymore.
I don't have a lot of tire left on my own treads.
[doctor chuckles]
Will this help make him self-sufficient. Doctor?
I can't promise anything with language cognition scores like these.
but we'll see what we can do.
Hi. John. I'm Dr. Talbot. Pleased to meet you.
Thank you. I appreciate it and hope the world lasts for you.
He's saying hello.
How long to go with them?
With them for the time over.
For them. For me.
He's asking what all this entails. Doctor.
Well. just a few tests.
If he qualifies for rehabilitation. we arrange housing.
Should take no more than an hour.
Skeeter.
You can't bring Skeeter in here.
Let 'em poke and prod you. It's no big deal.
I'll see you in an hour.
Hey.
don't be a big baby.
- Thanks. Doctor. - You're welcome.
John. the examination room is just down the hall.
[woman over PA] Psych evaluator Hackman. dial 617.
Psych evaluator Hackman. dial 617.
No readings indicated a methane gas pocket?
So you're saying. as general manager of this facility.
that this was out of the blue?
Completely out of the blue. sir.
We think the gas built up behind the stoping shields
where our PDM sensors couldn't pick it up.
[man] I'm briefing the Prime Minister in 20 minutes.
Listen carefully.
No one goes in any of the tunnels until that gas is drilled and capped.
Understood. sir. Understood.
Let me ask you. how do we drill and cap
a methane pocket without a wellhead?
- I'll get back to you. - [phone beeps]
[general manager sighs]
Get me the air force base in Winnipeg. officer in charge of civilian emergencies.
Airlift a 30-ton gas wellhead?
Impossible.
And there's no runway up at Katka to land a C-130 on.
and our largest choppers are Chinooks. which can't carry a 30-ton wellhead.
Payloads of that nature have to go by truck.
[phone line rings]
Jill. that young field officer in Winnipeg is supposed to know
everything about ice road transports up to the northern mines?
- [Jill] You mean Max Tully? - Yes. him.
[man] The Prime Minister will see you now. sir.
Just a sec.
Max Tully?
[man] Mr. Goldenrod!
What?
I'm Max Tully with Mining Safety. Could I have a word with you?
It's about Katka mine.
What about Katka?
This morning. Tunnel 6 collapsed.
I need an 18-foot gas wellhead. 300 feet of pipe delivered up there
in under 30 hours.
Eighteen-foot gas wellhead and 300 feet of pipe?
Goddamn. that's a hell of a lot of weight. son.
Can you make it happen?
What do I look like. God? We're three weeks into April.
All of my drivers are on their way to Hawaii
or wherever the hell it is they go during the off-season.
Say. for conversation's sake. you have replacements.
Say. for conversation's sake. these rigs have wings. What've you been smoking?
March 10th. the season ended. That's five weeks ago.
But didn't old-timers in the '60s drive the lake into April?
Yeah. and most of 'em died doing it.
So it's really that dangerous.
Yeah. It's that dangerous.
Okay. okay. It's a stupid idea.
Sorry for asking.
Hey. hey. kid. Come here.
I know all the miners up there in Katka. I know their families.
So. it's personal with me.
If I can get drivers and a mechanic.
let's say 3:00 this afternoon.
and if you can get the provincial government
to open up the ice road.
two very big ifs…
we'll do it.
Thank you.
Shit.
Hi. Um…
- Excuse me. - Yes?
I brought my brother in this morning. Vocational rehab?
McCann. 813.
He's still being evaluated. sir.
The doctor said an hour. It's been two and a half.
We're a little short-staffed today. so please take a seat.
Hey! Sir?
Sir! [sighs]
Get security on 2-East. please.
[McCann] Hey. bro.
What's happening?
What is all this?
[pills rattle]
Oh jeez.
What is going on here?
Xanax and Lexapro. right?
Probably some Oxy for good measure? You know. to take the edge off?
- They're for PTSD. - [McCann] I know what they're for.
Did you ask for these. Gurty?
He has insomnia. hypertension. makes inappropriate outbursts.
Kiss my Irish ass.
Post-traumatic stress disorder is real.
I can Section 502 him.
Do it.
The press'll love another story about how the VA overprescribes opioids
to America's heroes.
You are making a grave mistake.
You try and stop us from leaving here. so are you.
[McCann] Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Put this on.
Come on. It's cold.
Wait. here. Here.
Come on. your pants.
[emotional music playing]
[truck engine turns off]
[hydraulics hiss]
Ken... Kenworth.
More Ken.
Take us great that owned we.
We.
Sure. sure. It would be great if we owned our own rig.
Did you win the lottery?
Did you happen to win the Pick-6 and not tell me?
This thing costs 200 grand. Gurty.
200.
[cell phone vibrates]
[emotional music playing]
[McCann sighs]
Ever been to Winnipeg. Gurty?
It's just 70 miles.
"Win a pig."
We might. partner.
With any luck. today we might just win a pig.
[radio announcer] News all day. every day.
Our top story.
twin explosions rock Northern Manitoba's Katka mine this morning.
killing eight miners and leaving 26 more unaccounted for.
The cause of the explosion has not been determined.
Hi. I'm calling from Trappers Transpo in Winnipeg.
- We're in an emergency and need drivers. - Tully. gimme 50 bucks. You got 50 bucks?
- Yeah. I do. - One of my drivers just became available.
- Thanks. - Fantastic. What's it for?
Bail.
- Yeah... What? - Told you this wasn't gonna be easy.
[man shouting]
Sunglasses and keys.
You protest and throw rocks again.
we'll arrest you again.
We're gonna keep doing it until you get off our land.
[cop] The city owns that parking lot.
I was referring to North America.
[cop] See you soon.
[intriguing music playing]
How's the fight for justice going?
You keep building casinos.
you'll beat the white man without a shot fired.
You heard about the cave-in up at Katka?
Yeah. it was on the TV in there.
I still haven't heard from Cody though. I'm worried sick.
He's on the list of those missing.
I'm putting together a little rescue mission.
Ice road?
Yep.
I'm in.
[engine starts]
[men coughing]
[sniffling]
Let's get a head count.
Cody.
One.
- [miner] Two. - Three.
- Four. - Five.
- Six. - Seven.
- Eight. - Nine.
- Ten. - Eleven.
- Twelve. - Thirteen.
[engine turns off]
[man] I got a wife and kids. Jim. How would I even explain this to them?
No one's gonna force you to go. Dave. I understand. It's not for everyone.
Thanks.
- What do you got? - Half are retired.
Half have never seen an ice road.
Next. there are two guys up from North Dakota. Brothers.
Thank you.
[phone ringing]
[indistinct chatter]
[Jim] Which one of you guys is Mike McCann?
- I am. - [Jim] You're the driver?
- He's the mechanic? - Yep. One of the best.
Says you had experience on the ice road in the Northwest Territory.
That's pretty serious country. What'd you drive?
Anything on wheels.
Says you've had 11 gigs in the last eight years.
which ain't exactly inspiring my confidence.
Some reason that you can't hold down a job?
My. uh. my brother's a veteran.
got injured in Iraq.
Uh. he's got this thing called aphasia. which is...
I know what it is.
Long story short. um. for the past eight years.
I've been his caretaker.
for lack of a better word. and…
- And we... - I get it. I get it.
We ain't got time. What's his name?
Call him Gurty.
Gurty. Hey.
Gurty. Jim Goldenrod.
Grab your tool set. Follow me.
[action music playing]
[Jim] Right here.
I want you to pull the rocker arm shaft.
I'm gonna time you.
Say when.
- Go. - [watch beeps]
[music intensifies]
[socket wrench clicking]
[metal part clatters]
Sweet Jesus.
Okay. Tully.
send everybody else home and call Katka.
- I got my crew. - [Tully] Where's Tantoo?
She's reparking somebody else's rig.
[tires screeching]
She seems a little young.
- I'll have the contracts drawn up. - Thank you.
[miners grunting. panting]
[miner] Enough.
Anyone not out by now isn't coming out.
[distant clanging]
[miners muttering]
You guys hearing that?
- [clanging continues] - [miner 1] What is that?
- [clanging on pipes] - That sounds like tap code.
You men. give us a hand.
- [miners straining] - [miner 2] Come on.
Somebody had to have been in the Army. Navy. Cub Scouts.
[rhythmic clanging]
What are they saying. Cody?
"How many alive?"
Look. if you do hear something. you call me. all right?
[man] Yes. sir.
[clanging continues]
[miners breathing heavily]
Uh. twenty-six… alive.
Uh. Fred. listen to me. Listen.
You tell them we're gonna cap that methane with a wellhead. all right?
Then we're gonna blast.
You tell 'em those wellheads. they're coming ASAP. all right?
- Okay. - Okay.
[clanging on pipe]
Wellheads arrive ASAP.
What do they mean. ASAP?
Six hours?
Twelve hours?
What if it's 30?
Then we're dead.
[miner coughing]
The 26 includes Lampard.
Yep.
Mankins?
He's alive.
So the question is time.
I mean. no one's ever lasted over 30 hours under permafrost.
Well. the government's got that ice road open.
Safety supervisor guy. he's even managed to secure transpo.
Jim Goldenrod.
If Jim Goldenrod believes 25-ton wellheads can roll across a frozen lake in April.
I suppose we should believe it too.
[Jim] All right.
These wellheads are beasts. eighteen feet long.
twenty-five-ton heavy.
We got three rigs. all identically equipped
so that we can achieve tactical redundancy.
We're taking every chance to save those miners' lives.
Tactical re-what-ancy?
[McCann] Redundancy.
Each rig doesn't need the others to complete the mission.
Gold star to the man from North Dakota.
One. two. three. The gold one is mine.
You two can paper-rock-scissors for the red one.
She's the one with the comfy seats.
It's all yours.
- Contracts. One for you. - Thanks.
[Tully] One for you. and you.
200.000 split four ways.
Any questions?
What happens to anyone that doesn't make it? To their money?
Paragraph four.
- Their share goes to those that do. - That's pretty cold.
Sounds fair to me. Who's that guy?
Mr. Varnay.
Tom Varnay. Katka International Insurance Group.
Tully. these are my trucks. I say who goes.
Your trucks. but it's Katka's insurance. If one goes in the lake. it's on Katka.
He's not taking a cut?
No. no. Absolutely not.
I'm just along for the ride and to protect Katka's investment.
All right. you'll ride with Tantoo
in the black Kenworth. Put your gear in there.
You two'll find safety bags in the locker area.
It's time to load up.
We'll fuel the rigs. and we'll push in 15.
Thank you.
Thanks.
- Thank you. - Hello.
[sighs]
[McCann] Fifty grand apiece times two.
That's more than enough for a down payment on a rig like this.
Sorry I ripped up your brochure. by the way.
I'm gonna put Skeeter up front with us. okay?
Where are you?
Tantoo. is it? Tully says you're Cree.
What's your name mean?
Name mean
"like to drive alone."
Mount up!
Use the head if you have to now. We're on a bull run.
See you on the flip side. Tully.
[dramatic music playing]
[grunts]
[engines idling]
[music intensifies]
[Jim] We'll run with 200-foot separations.
leapfrogging every few hours.
- Is everyone good with that? - Yep.
Affirmative.
[Jim] First leg.
Lake Winnipeg ice road. about 300 miles. 20 hours.
Second leg. up over Manitoba Pass.
Third leg.
Manitonka ice road to Old Manitonka Bridge.
Twenty-three hours total.
What's wrong with New Manitonka?
[Jim] The new bridge would be preferred.
but getting up to New Manitonka is another 90 kilometers.
That puts us outside the miners' oxygen window.
Old Manitonka was built in the '60s. so that's rated 75.000 pounds?
Yep. We're gonna be shaving it close.
Here we go. people.
[dramatic music continues]
[music ends]
[Lampard] Oh shit.
You said 120 meters that way. 80 that way.
Give or take.
Pretty decent atmospheric volume.
Yeah. except we got 26 sets of lungs down here.
[men coughing]
[McCann] Hey. Jim.
Yeah?
[McCann] I thought I heard every trucker's expression.
What the heck's a bull run?
[Jim] Bull run.
Well. back in Minnesota.
all the livestock haulers never used to stop.
'cause bulls. you see. gotta be standing when they're being transported.
If one gets tired and lies down.
the others will step on him and kill him.
All livestock haulers know this. so they never stop for anything.
[McCann] Ah. I see. I'm learning something tonight.
["Six Days on the Road" playing on radio] ♪ My eyes are open wide ♪
♪ I just passed a Jimmy and a White ♪
♪ I've been passing everything in sight ♪
♪ Six days on the road And I'm gonna make it home tonight ♪
♪ Well. it seems like a month Since I kissed my baby goodbye ♪
♪ I could have a lot of women But I'm not like some of the guys ♪
["I'm Movin' On" playing on radio]
♪ Yeah. a big eight-wheeler Running down the track ♪
♪ Means your true love He ain't coming back ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm moving on… ♪
Hey. Jim. how you feeling about the ice?
♪ You're flying too high for my… ♪
[Jim] Cold. hard. and stiff.
I wish we weren't running in bright sunshine tomorrow though.
♪ Said hello to the southland We're coming to you ♪
♪ And we're moving on ♪
♪ Oh. hear my song ♪
[song fades]
[wind gusting]
[trunk engine rumbling]
[tense music playing]
You want a sandwich?
You haven't eaten since we left.
You'll know when I'm hungry. It's very unattractive.
You get cranky?
Worse. I act white.
[chuckles]
Tully said you and Goldenrod had a falling-out.
That wasn't a big deal.
Sounded like a big deal.
He fired me. I got upset. took a swing at him.
It's old news.
How's that Kenworth. boys?
She's a fine ride. Jim.
Thinking we might get one just like it.
- Well. what you gonna call her? - [McCann chuckles]
[Jim] Take your time. boys. Naming a big rig's a sacred thing.
What'll we name our truck. Gurty?
Truck Truck Truck.
[laughs] You hear that?
"Truck Truck Truck." I like it. It's got a ring to it.
It is beautiful out here.
Is it really that dangerous? It doesn't seem like a big deal.
What exactly do you do?
I'm an actuary.
a risk-assessment professional if we're being formal.
Well. Mr. Varnay.
hauling heavy cargo on ice
in April is a big deal.
See Custer's head there?
Tips us off to pressure waves.
You go too fast. you create a pressure wave.
In you go.
You go too slow. the ice can't handle the pounds per square inch on your tire.
[rumbling]
[engine sputtering]
What the hell was that? Over.
Sounds like my head gasket.
Come on. kid. Come on!
[steam hissing]
Sweet Jesus. that ain't good.
[water gurgling. ice creaking]
Shit.
What the hell are you doing?
Going back.
I thought we weren't stopping for anything.
- You know. all that "bull run" stuff? - I said. we're going back.
Goddamn it!
- [gear shift cranks] - [sighs]
[ice crackles]
Gurty's gonna run diagnostics while we hook up. We'll pull together.
Use the nylon snatch pulleys on the rear so the rigs can swing.
Is this. uh. is this gonna work?
How… how far are we gonna tow him?
All the way to the mine?
[grunts]
Do us all a favor. Mr. Varnay. and get back in your truck.
[breathing heavily]
[sighs]
[Jim] Shit. Come on.
[ice creaking]
[grunts]
[Gurty] Oh…
Gurty!
Clear out.
What happened?
Rear trailer tires went in.
- [ice creaking] - [water rushing]
[Jim] Oh shit.
[breathing heavily]
What the hell's going on?
Come on. Jim.
[screaming]
[engine revs]
[tense music playing]
[Tantoo] Jim! Jim!
Jim!
[Jim] Towline's got me!
Cut me loose. My leg's broken.
Cut me loose. or you're all going in! Towline's got me. and my leg's broken.
Do it!
- Do it! - I can't.
Do it! Do it!
[groans]
[gasps. breathing heavily]
Jesus.
[breathing heavily]
- [ice creaking] - [sobs]
[Varnay] Holy shit!
[loud cracking]
[McCann] It's spreading out.
[Varnay] Meaning what?
Meaning it's gonna keep cracking for two. maybe three thousand meters.
That's over a mile.
We'll outrun it. Let's move!
We gotta unhook first.
There's no time.
We're gonna have to run tied together. Go!
[rumbling. creaking]
[Tantoo panting]
Get your harness on.
Mike. come in. We gotta hike up the speed. Over.
[McCann] Roger.
[engine revving]
[rumbling. cracking]
[suspenseful music playing]
- Mike. come in. We gotta run faster. - Roger.
Gurty. running board.
Get out on the running board.
- Why? - So if we go through. we can jump clear.
[ice cracking]
[rumbling]
Got a pressure wave ahead of me.
I got one hell of an ice crack behind me. so how do you wanna die?
Slush bed at 200 yards. Get in and buckle up.
Hang on. pal. This is gonna get ugly.
This is not good. This is not good!
[tires squealing]
I don't like this!
- Shit! - [metal creaking]
[Gurty groaning]
I've got your seat belt. You okay. pal?
[ice rumbling]
We're finished.
[ice cracking]
[mumbling prayer]
It stopped.
[sighs]
Yeah.
It stopped!
[McCann] We capsized for a reason.
Now our weight's displaced evenly instead of on the tires.
So based on seven liters per minute. per man…
Seven liters?
That's all a grown man breathes?
When at rest. The figure doubles with physical exertion.
Hey. Cody.
- Can I ask you something? - Sure.
When the mine blew up. I said we hit a methane pocket.
and you said. "That's impossible."
Why?
[dirt sifting]
[rumbling]
It's still settling.
[clanging on pipes]
[clanging continues]
Air compressor…
Thank God they're coming through.
…failed.
[miner 1 coughing]
Hey.
- What's the story. Cody? - [miner 2 groans]
Yeah.
What'd they say?
[miner 2 sighs]
They say they're still working on it.
- Cody. - [Cody] Yeah?
You didn't answer my question.
Why is it impossible we hit a methane pocket?
'Cause I was told it would never happen.
By who?
Who told you that?
Cody.
- [miners groan. cough] - [miner 3] Easy. boys! Easy! Get him out!
Easy!
[all grunting. shouting]
[miner 4] Cody!
[miner 5] Watch his leg. Watch his leg.
[miners groaning. coughing]
[McCann] SOS. SOS.
41.40.
Ice road north of 53.
Kenworth through the ice.
Repeat.
[radio dispatch] Copy. Are there survivors?
Negative.
[radio dispatch] We are responding. Thank you.
Wait. [spluttering] What about us?
What about us?
We're heading back. right?
Back?
Yeah. That's what I said.
The ice is bound to be thinner to the south. not thicker.
We still have two deliverable wellheads. Technical redundancy. remember?
And we're more than halfway there.
What do you think. Gurty?
Attaboy. Are you coming with. Tantoo?
Hell yeah.
But this is ridiculous. You're all gonna die.
You wanna go back. go back. I suggest you do it quick.
Nichiiwad.
The big one.
Drop 50 degrees.
We'll pick up eight to ten centimeters of new ice.
Let's get the rigs upright and haul ass. We're back in business.
You're out of your minds. All of you!
Wait. wait. Wait.
- It appears you're the new leader here. - I'm not the leader of anything.
Everyone's on their own.
Fine. Whatever.
You're not curious about back there. what happened?
- We saw what happened. - I'm talking about the seized-up engine.
[sniffs loudly]
Go on.
How well do you know her? Tantoo?
Met her first time yesterday. Why?
Mind answering a couple questions?
You worked for Jim Goldenrod. what. two years?
Two and a half.
Why did it end?
I used his rig on the weekend without permission.
- So. you're a thief. - [Tantoo] I'm not a thief.
Hey. I was hauling banners for a demon...
What is this your business?
You weren't a happy camper. were you? When he fired you?
No. I...
Look. just...
I've never seen a Kenworth with less than 10K on the odometer
just up and quit. have you?
No.
Most diesel engines don't seize on their own unless they burn gasoline.
What's this about?
You dosed Goldenrod's rig with gas while we were loading up.
I saw you next to the pump.
You said you were checking the tire pressure.
That is a goddamn lie.
You were gonna take us all out. weren't you?
So you could claim the whole 200 grand.
- I don't know what you're talking about. - Who else. then?
It wasn't me. Wasn't Gurty. Wasn't him.
He works for the company that's paying us.
This is not about the money for me. you idiots!
God. my brother is in that mine.
And the longer we stand here. the closer he is to dying.
So if you could just move...
She's lying. You can't trust these people.
Call Katka. His name is Cody Mantooth.
We have different fathers.
God. "These people"?
- You're a racist asshole. - You're not going anywhere.
Just get out of...
- You're not going anywhere. - Fine.
Hey. hey. hey. Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
We call the company and check your story.
Yeah. and then go fuck yourself.
Tie her up. Gurty.
[action music playing]
[winch cranking]
[satellite phone ringing]
Yeah. Tully. it's Mike.
[Tully] I just heard about Goldenrod from County Emergency. What happened?
We think Tantoo dosed Jim's rig with gasoline.
[Tully] Are you kidding? That's worse than sugar in the tank.
Contact Katka.
Ask 'em if there's a miner. Cody Mantooth. on the missing list.
- I'll explain later. - [Tully] You got it.
[miner coughing]
We wanna discuss options.
Like what?
Like decreasing our numbers.
I wanna talk to the folks upstairs. I wanna talk to the bosses.
[scoffs] You don't know tap code.
He does.
You guys can't be serious.
It's called triage.
Hospitals do it all the time.
[miner coughing violently]
If we decrease our numbers by one-third. our oxygen window increases by...
We can do the math.
Hospitals are a bullshit analogy.
Patients get triaged when it's determined they'd die anyway.
And what about these guys?
[Mankins] They're not gonna make it till morning.
- [Lampard] No one's going for this. - I agree. It's nuts.
- Say you're wrong. - Say we're not.
Say we put it to a vote.
What's he saying. Cody?
- [Cody] They wanna decrease our numbers. - Can't be serious.
Looks serious to me. Claude.
Nobody wants this. Barney. Don't make it personal.
Hate to tell ya. friend. This is about as personal as it gets.
You guys seen yourselves?
Barney. that compound fracture has sepsis in it.
And you. Claude. how's that fever treating ya?
- You're not gonna make another 12 hours. - What if we say no?
It's going to a vote.
That's like two foxes and a chicken voting on what's for dinner.
I always knew you were a prick. Mankins.
Didn't know until now you're also a murderer.
[clanging on pipes]
"Suggest decreasing our number."
- What does that mean? - They mean decreasing their number.
Well. how?
How do you think?
No.
What? No.
No. that's crazy. I'm not taking part in this.
We're not calling the shots down there. Fred.
[wind gusting]
[McCann] Hey. those trailers smacked down hard.
Gurty and I are gonna go check the loads.
then we'll push on.
How's she looking?
Hey! Hey!
- Hey! - [Gurty] Help! Hey!
[pounding on door]
- [McCann] Open the damn door! - [Gurty yelling] Help!
[McCann] Hey!
[McCann and Gurty yelling. pounding]
[McCann] Open this damn door!
[banging. yelling continues]
[door closes]
[sighs]
It was you.
You piece of shit. "Insurance actuary" my ass.
What do you do for Katka?
Let's just say I work in a different department of the company.
Yeah. the sewer.
[chuckles]
Look. here's the rules.
You behave yourself.
and you can stay in the restraints those idiot truckers put on you.
But you get a little spirited.
which I know is a problem for
you people.
and I will hog-tie you
and throw you in the rear.
[grunts]
[satellite phone rings]
[beeps]
- Yeah? - [Tully] Mike. what's your status?
- No. it's Varnay. We're stuck in a storm. - Got an answer on Cody Mantooth.
I can't talk.
[phone clatters]
[McCann] Please work. Please work.
[sighs. breathes heavily]
She's outfitted with a heater unit.
Hey. Gurty. how heavy do we think this double mill pipe is?
Five mill double hundred.
Huh?
Three. four. zero.
Three forty each?
Grab hold of the end of this one.
We're gonna punch that out.
Punch pipe the pin post.
My thoughts exactly.
[dramatic music playing]
[engine starts]
[McCann] Easy.
Easy.
[grunting]
[McCann] Easy.
[strained grunt]
[McCann] One. two. three.
[Gurty yells]
One. two. three.
[sighs]
Yes!
[Gurty] Oh. no. no. no!
He took the phone. the pistol. our gear bags.
And the Too.
And the what?
Tantoo.
Tantoo as well.
Let's figure this out.
[whirring]
[both grunting]
[ice crunching]
[metal creaking]
[whirring]
[engine revs]
What's the matter with you?
Ease off!
[hydraulics hiss]
[both grunting]
[McCann] More!
Hike up the pressure!
Gurty!
I said more!
More!
Jeez.
I said more!
Mike!
Yeah. I see it.
It's called a winch.
Mike. welding's a winter snap!
What?
Welding got cold!
Just do it!
[winch whirring]
[whirring stops]
[grunts]
Do you know why we get fired?
It's not your disability. It's your freaking attitude.
You probably didn't take orders before your disability.
I don't know what's going on here.
but that prick. he killed Goldenrod.
and he nearly killed us.
He pinned it all on Tantoo.
who's out here to save her brother. and we helped him.
We have one chance.
one chance to get out of this and make this right.
And you're not gonna wreck it. Not this time.
- [winch whirring] - Don't you dare touch that.
[engine revving]
Come on. come on. come on.
She's coming free.
What the hell was that?
[water burbling]
[wind gusting]
Gurty? Gurty?
Gurty!
Gurty?
[gasps]
[wind gusting]
[McCann gasping]
[grunting]
[gasps]
[muttering indistinctly]
[crying]
[grunts]
Come on. Gurty. Come on.
Breathe. Breathe.
Come on. Gurty. Work with me here.
[sobs softly]
- [Gurty gasps. moans] - Oh jeez.
[Gurty coughing]
Gurty. [laughs]
Gurty.
Jesus.
- Here. pal. Here. pal. - [whimpering]
Here. pal. I got you. I got you.
I got you.
Gurty. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I hit you. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.
I'm sorry. Gurty.
[panting]
Mike.
[coughs]
Yeah. Sunken dreams. Gurty.
Sunken dreams.
Yeah. It's eating at me too.
Why would an employee of the company that hired us
sabotage…
They want us to fail.
That's it. They want us to fail.
I didn't see it.
I've been too wrapped up in what's in this for us.
[grunts]
Oh. now I'm angry.
Let's get out of here.
It's not about money now.
This is personal.
Should be 20 minutes to the shoreline.
[engines revving]
Rig two's in the lake 20 klicks due south.
Took the mechanic and the driver with it.
I told them not to store dynamite in the trailer due to friction detonation.
but they had other ideas.
Good.
Good. That's good.
How about the driver?
Well. she's alive. sir.
Put the cab through that guardrail up there.
Your story is she lost control.
You dove for safety before it went over. You clear?
Clear. sir.
The miners' oxygen window closes in three hours.
so the press is gonna be all over us.
They need to be told our valiant rescue
had a tragic end.
I'll make it happen. sir.
Good. Good.
You call me when it's done.
[men coughing]
If you do this. it's on your head.
You wanna blame someone? Blame management.
What does management got to do with it?
- All those in favor. raise your... - [Lampard] Mankins!
I asked you a question.
Because they made us cut the damn sensors. René.
They what?
Claimed the new quotas were killing them. so they… couldn't afford a shutdown.
They said there was no chance of gas pockets this far north.
And they sweetened the deal.
[Lampard] How much?
Hundred dollars per man per month.
You turned off the gas sensors for $100 a month?
And anyone who blew the whistle gets shitcanned.
None of that matters now. René.
Our oxygen is falling fast.
There's a vote on the floor. All those in favor. raise your hands.
- No. - [ground]
Hey!
How much methane do you think is in here now?
Huh?
These men are not the enemy.
The enemy's up there.
Bullshit! The enemy's asphyxiation.
We're getting out of here together. or not at all.
You're one stupid son of a bitch. René.
You too. Cody.
Maybe so.
but this is how it's gonna be.
Right here.
Let's clear the road.
- Ow! - [lighter snaps shut]
Yeah. that's what I thought.
You're never gonna get away with this. There's gonna be an investigation.
That's the plan.
[squeaking]
What is that?
- [rat squealing] - Ah!
[Varnay grunts]
[grunting]
[engine starts. revs]
[fuel line hisses]
- Thanks. - [squeaks]
Mayday! Mayday!
Mayday! Come in! Anybody. come in!
Mayday! Is anybody out there?
[McCann] Tantoo. it's Mike.
We're coming up the pass. Where are you?
Approaching the upper traverse.
I got Varnay behind me with others. They're all armed.
We've got two hours to get to Katka. and I'm still pulling weight.
They're gonna stop us.
Yeah. we figured.
Cody always said they cut corners with the methane regs.
Those bastards. they caused the cave-in. Now they're trying to cover it up.
Not gonna happen. Just hang on. We're coming.
[dramatic music playing]
[Varnay] Take 'em out so it will pass forensics.
No bullet holes.
Do not discharge your weapons.
[action music playing]
[tapping fuel gauge]
[softly] What?
Shit.
Oh. come on. One more mile. We can do one more mile. Come on.
[pants]
Yeah. we can do it. Come on.
Pull over!
Pull over now!
[men shouting angrily]
If they were gonna shoot us. they would've done it by now.
Yeah. Good. Come on.
Ready. bro?
Pull over now!
[dramatic music intensifies]
[Gurty primer]
[man grunting]
[panting]
[both grunting]
[grunting]
[gasping. wheezing]
[Gurty panting]
[tense music playing]
[sighs. breathing heavily]
Well. don't just stand there. Let's go.
[action music playing]
Come on. come on. Don't stop. Don't stop.
Don't you dare stop. Come on.
Don't do this to me. Don't...
[whispers] Don't. Don't do this.
Come on. don't stop. Come on.
Come on. you piece of shit. let's go.
I didn't mean it! I didn't mean it!
[engine stops]
[magazine clicks]
Don't think that I'm not gonna use this on you!
What's your game?
Oh. what? Are you just gonna stand there?
Yeah.
This is the last wellhead.
What are you gonna do? You gonna push it the rest of the way?
If you're gonna make it to Katka before your brother stops breathing.
that's what you're gonna have to do.
The other drivers are gonna come.
The other drivers are dead.
[breathing heavily]
[gasping softly]
[sobbing]
[truck approaching. horn blaring]
[Tantoo] He ripped out my fuel equalizer.
Gurty can fix that.
We'll change out your fuel line
and siphon enough juice to get you down to Katka.
Listen.
We…
we seriously misjudged you.
Friends?
Yeah.
[tense music playing]
[motor starting]
Hey. how long you think this is gonna take?
A couple of minutes.
- I know you're anxious about your brother. - Yeah.
Cody's all I got. you know? It's kinda like you and yours.
Yeah.
[grunts]
Gurty's like that commercial.
Takes a lickin' but keeps on tickin'.
That last can should do it.
He saved my life. Give him a treat.
[Skeeter squeaks]
[distant explosion]
[snow and ice sifting]
We can't stay here. and we can't back up.
We'll have to outrun it.
- You're dreaming. - You got a better idea?
[action music playing]
[avalanche rumbling]
[brakes hiss]
[exhales sharply]
[Gurty] Oh. Oh.
- Oh… - [McCann] Uncouple the trailer.
We got a wellhead to deliver.
[Tantoo gasps softly]
Oh jeez.
[Tantoo] It's not as bad as it looks.
- It's. uh… - [Tantoo gasping]
It looks pretty bad. kid.
Just be fast about it.
Like pulling out a wisdom tooth.
A wisdom tooth? Do I… do I look like a dentist?
- [branch snaps] - Aah!
Good girl. Good girl.
- Breathe. Breathe. - [breathing heavily]
That's it. Good girl. Good girl.
Gurty. come and help me!
[whimpering]
- Good girl. Good girl. - [cries in pain]
Come on.
[gasps]
[McCann] Hang tight.
Gurty and I are gonna haul your trailer off the cliff. hook up.
and head to that mine.
We still got 45 minutes.
[Tantoo] Yeah.
[dramatic music playing]
Sir? Mine Safety down in Winnipeg wants René's laptops.
Fred. Mine Safety gets the laptops
when I say they get the laptops. all right?
We got a goddamn CEO to worry about.
Yeah. well. you can tell him yourself. He'll be here in an hour.
[scoffs]
There is nothing in those e-mails that implicates us.
Everything was cash. so there's no paper trail.
To the authorities. this just looks like another tragic mining accident.
Right in the morning. we open Tunnel 6.
We remove the bodies.
We let the public hold their ritual funerals.
We weather the obligatory "occupational hazard" debate.
And we open back up.
Business as usual.
[dialing]
[phone line ringing]
Come on. Varnay. answer the goddamn phone.
[miners coughing. wheezing]
[loud coughing. heavy wheezing]
Look. Gurty. we did it.
We did it!
[truck approaching]
Mike. Mike.
[tense music playing]
[tires squeal]
[grunts]
Give me that pistol!
Gurty. you gotta take the wheel.
Come on. You can do it.
Do not stop until you reach the mine. got it?
Do not stop.
Hey. Kill him.
Not for me. for my brother.
[McCann grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
I've done this a thousand times.
Move. I can do it.
[both panting]
[Varnay grunts]
[tense music playing]
[bridge creaking]
[grunts]
Shit.
Traction pads.
Yes. go.
[grunts]
[bridge creaking]
Come on. come on. come on.
Shit. Shit.
[bridge cables snap]
Gurty. the cables are snapping. Let's go! Come on!
[panting]
[both grunt]
[bridge creaking]
[door opens]
[engine revving]
[ice rumbling. creaking]
[rumbling]
[panting]
[bridge creaking loudly]
[loud rumbling]
Oh shit. Oh shit.
[grunting]
[Tantoo] Gurty. shut the gate!
[grunts]
[Gurty grunting]
[engine revving]
Gurty!
[grunting]
[crunching]
Gurty?
[gasps]
[panting]
[McCann] Gurty.
Gurty!
[Gurty wheezing]
He saved the rig.
[McCann] Oh Jesus.
Mike… you… brother mine.
My brother.
Brother. Mine.
[sobs]
[sniffles] No. no. no. no.
[McCann crying]
No.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
[man] Deputy Minister. Jack Tager. Vice President of Operations.
George Sickle. General Manager.
- Taking. - Sir.
- Sickle. - How are you. sir?
- It's cold up here. - We have hot drink and food inside. sir.
How was that drive down from Gillam Airfield?
Cut the formalities. Sickle. Tell me the situation.
Our last contact with the rescue team was 0300.
Uh. Deputy Minister. how about you?
Your. uh. your man in Winnipeg. Heard anything?
Negative.
It's been 30 hours. and the wellheads haven't arrived.
I don't believe the men are gonna get out of Tunnel 6 alive.
[action music playing]
[siren wails]
What's that?
That's our emergency Klaxon.
Oh my God.
Hey. welcome to Katka.
You McCann?
Yeah.
You need medical?
Everyone. on the double. We still have a chance.
We got another one. We need a gurney. ASAP.
There's no hurry.
[Fred] Get that wellhead unloaded and bolted down. Let's go.
Straight to the drill site. Go. go. go. go!
Wellhead team! You're up!
[miners weakly wheezing]
Got it!
Wellhead is tapped and sprung.
All right. blasting team. Tunnel 6 on the double!
[muffled blast]
[blasting]
[loud blast]
- You're in no condition... - I don't give a shit.
Put a Band-Aid on it. I heard blasting.
- I'm gonna find Cody. What? - Tantoo. Tantoo. Tantoo.
We're outside the oxygen window. We didn't make it in time.
Don't say that.
Look. Gurty died so that the miners would live. okay?
My brother is alive. I'm gonna find him. Let's go.
[man] Someone's coming out!
[all cheer. applaud]
[Tantoo] Cody?
Cody?
Oh my God.
You're alive. Oh my God.
[Cody] You saved my life.
I had help.
Thank you.
[indistinct chatter]
[laughs]
[inaudible]
All right!
You paid them?
You paid them to shut off their sensors?
You're disgusting.
[crowd gasps. murmurs]
Mr. McCann?
I'm Deputy Minister of Natural Resources for Canada.
I wanna thank you and offer condolences for your brother.
The company has some papers for you to sign.
We have a check for you. And the police need your statement.
Excuse me. Mr. McCann?
We found this with your brother's things.
Thank you.
[power tools whirring]
[truck horn blares]
[chuckles]
[chuckling]
- Hey! - Hey.
- Brand-new Kenworth. huh? - Yep.
It's a good color.
In honor of Jim.
What you hauling?
- Sporting goods. - Oh.
- Ain't that the life? - Yep.
No bosses. no punching time clocks.
- Good pay rates. - [Tantoo] Yeah.
Well. you find yourself pining for the ice road.
you know where to find me.
Deal.
Thank you. Mike.
[truck engine starts]
[chuckles]
[Skeeter squeaking]
["We Got Fight" playing]
♪ We ain't got much ♪
♪ Where I come from ♪
♪ We all work hard ♪
♪ Don't bet on good luck ♪
♪ Ain't no easy street ♪
♪ Just some gravel and a blacktop ♪
♪ And we hold on to ♪
♪ Oh. everything we got ♪
♪ We got grit. we got guts ♪
♪ We got pride. we got tough ♪
♪ Ain't no giving up Running through our veins ♪
♪ Backs to the wall We'll find a way ♪
♪ Never say quit Never say die ♪
♪ Play a little rough You're doggone right ♪
♪ Oh. knock us down We'll come back every time ♪
♪ Yeah. we got fight ♪
♪ We don't bark much ♪
♪ We just hang tight ♪
♪ Sometimes the underdog ♪
♪ Got the baddest bite ♪
♪ It's how we were born ♪
♪ How we were raised ♪
♪ From our boots To our last names ♪
♪ We got grit. we got guts ♪
♪ We got pride. we got tough ♪
♪ Ain't no giving up Running through our veins ♪
♪ Backs to the wall We'll find a way ♪
♪ Never say quit Never say die ♪
♪ Play a little rough Yeah. you're doggone right ♪
♪ Knock us down We'll come back every time ♪
♪ Oh. knock us down We'll come back every time ♪
♪ Oh. knock us down ♪
♪ We'll come back every time ♪
♪ Oh. we got fight ♪
♪ Hell. we got fight ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ We got fight ♪
["All Coming Down" playing]
[woman] ♪ I'm gonna rise ♪
♪ From the dust and the ashes ♪
♪ I reach for the sky ♪
[man] ♪ It's all coming down ♪
[woman] ♪ It's all coming down ♪
[man] ♪ This life I've been living ♪
♪ I'll leave on the ground ♪
[woman] ♪ It's all coming down ♪
[both] ♪ As sure as this world ♪
[woman] ♪ Won't stop turning around ♪
♪ Morning will bring ♪
♪ A brand-new beginning ♪
♪ A new song to sing ♪
♪ And the trumpet will sound ♪
[man] ♪ All around ♪
[both] ♪ And I'll see that sweet ♪
♪ John's soul coming down ♪
[woman] ♪ It's all coming down ♪
[both] ♪ As sure as this world ♪
[woman] ♪ Won't stop turning ♪
♪ Around ♪
[song continues]
[song ends]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm